Release 1.7.5 (#2935)
timescale/timescaledb: CHANGELOG.md

**Thanks**
* @zeeshanshabbir93 for reporting an issue with joins

## 1.7.5 (2021-02-12)

This maintenance release contains bugfixes since the 1.7.4 release.

> The most of the fixes were ported from 2.0.0 and 2.0.1 releases.
> We deem it high priority for upgrading for users on 1.7.4 or previous
> versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of these fixes were backported from the 2.0.0 and 2.0.1 releases.
We deem it high priority for upgrading for users on TimescaleDB 1.7.4
or previous versions.
```

In particular the fixes contained in this maintenance release address

> issues in continuous aggregates, compression, JOINs with hypertables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
issues in continuous aggregates, compression, JOINs with hypertables,
```

> issues in continuous aggregates, compression, JOINs with hypertables,

Reviewer 2: What are the cagg-related changes? "Fix support for complex aggregate expression"?

Author: Yes.
